# Bioinformatics-Peptide-Vaccine
This repository contains all the codes for graphical and numerical characterisation of nucleotide and amino acid sequences based on Nandy-graphical system for allotting coordinate axes to the nucleotide bases or amino acids. The repository also contains code to determine the solvent accessibility and degree of conservation for every 12-length contiguous amino acid in a sequence and determine possible candidates as vaccine targets. 

The following are the important points to noted about the input to be given to the codes:
1.  For ASA.py, help has to be taken from SABLE Server where the amino acid sequence is to be entered and submitted. The users will receive an email from SABLE.org after some time. In the mail, there is a section named "SECTION_SA_PERCENT Relative solvent accessibiltity prediction(real values) 0-> fully Buried 100->fully Exposed". Under that section, the entire text has to be copied from "> 1" to the line just above "END_SECTION". The .txt file is to be saved as "1.txt". The process has to be repeated twice taking some other two sequences of the same type and accordingly the txt files are named as "2.txt" and "3.txt". Three sequences of same type are taken to improve accuracy of the code. The three .txt files are to be kept in one folder and in the same folder, another file has to be kept which I am explaining in the second point.

2. There are two codes for calculating protein radius (PR) and similar is the case for graph radius (GR). One is for data taken Virus Variation website with no change to be inflicted upon the "Customise Label" option while downloading the sequences. The other one for data taken from NCBI in general. The input file and output folder path name has to be copied and pasted in the respective boxes. From the output folder, the file named "coord.csv" is to be copied and pasted in the folder where "1.txt", etc are kept. Now the input folder for ASA.py is ready for computation.

3. The input file for the codes for PR and GR are to be downloaded from internet from NCBI/Virus Variation website and they have extensions, namely, .fa or .fasta. They can be opened with normal text editors like Notepad in Windows and TextEdit in Mac.
